README for UM Emulator

1. Cansu Birsen (cbirse01) and Ayse Idil Kolabas (akolab01).

2. This program emulates the functions of a universal machine.

3. Modules
   -------

   emulator.c           : this is the file with the main to run the UM. opens
                          the um file with instructions and calls operations
                          to execute the input file. only knows to open and
                          close the um file.

   a. operations        : the operations module initiates the program and reads
                          the instructions from the given um file. it then 
                          calls on the instructions as implicated by the 
                          opcode in the uint32_t word that represents each
                          instruction. this module makes use of both the 
                          register and memory_management module that will
                          be explained below.

                          the module has functions related to initiating
                          the program, unpacking each instruction in
                          addition to calling the appropriate operations with
                          the appropriate values as parameters.

   b. memory_management : this module is a sequence of uarrays of uint32_t
                          words. each uarray represents a segment, while
                          each uint32_t word represents an instruction. the
                          entire sequence represents the memory structure for
                          the universal machine. 
                          
                          this module also has a segment id manager that is
                          a sequence of uint32_t words. each word represents
                          the id for the segment that is free to be mapped to.

                          the module has functions related to accessing
                          specific segments within memory or specific words
                          within segments, in addition to putting segments to
                          specific indices within memory. the module can also
                          add segments at the end of memory and get the lengths
                          associated with memory and segments. in terms of id
                          management for the map and unmap operations, this
                          module also creates the id managing sequence and 
                          frees it in addition to adding to and removing from
                          the structure.

   c. register          : this module is a uarray of uint32_t words. each word
                          represents a register and stores the value that the
                          register is meant to store. the length is fixed as 
                          we are emulating a machine with 8 32-bit registers.

                          the module has functions related to assigning values
                          to specific registers in addition to creating new
                          registers and freeing registers.
